README.md, before:

# Maze generation algorithm

An implementation of [Maze generation algorithm](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Maze_generation_algorithm)
in python using the game and GUI framework pygame.

## Install

The project uses pipenv for dependencies. Here's how to install the dependencies.

```sh
pipenv sync -d
```

## Usage

This project has run steps configured using pipenv. Use the following command to
get the maze generation visualization!

```sh
pipenv run start
```

## 🤝 Contributing

Contributions, issues and feature requests are welcome. After cloning & setting up project locally, you can just submit 
a PR to this repo and it will be deployed once it's accepted.

⚠️ It’s good to have descriptive commit messages, or PR titles so that other contributors can understand about your 
commit or the PR Created. Read [conventional commits](https://www.conventionalcommits.org/en/v1.0.0-beta.3/) before 
making the commit message.

## 💬 Get in touch

If you have various suggestions, questions or want to discuss things wit our community, Have a look at
[Github discussions](https://github.com/janaSunrise/useful-python-snippets/discussions) or join our discord server!

[![Discord](https://discordapp.com/api/guilds/695008516590534758/widget.png?style=shield)](https://discord.gg/cSC5ZZwYGQ)

## Show your support

We love people's support in growing and improving. Be sure to leave a ⭐️ if you like the project and 
also be sure to contribute, if you're interested!

## License

[GPL V3](https://github.com/janaSunrise/maze-generation-algorithm/blob/main/LICENSE)


<div align="center">
  Made by Sunrit Jana with ❤️
</div>

Commit message:

Update README.md, Add functionality for generation on hitting the spacebar.

README.md, after:

# Maze generation algorithm

An implementation of [Maze generation algorithm](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Maze_generation_algorithm)
in python using the game and GUI framework pygame.

## Running Demo

Here's a Demo on how it works

![alt text](https://github.com/janaSunrise/maze-generation-algorithm/blob/main/resources/maze.gif)

## Install

The project uses pipenv for dependencies. Here's how to install the dependencies.

```sh
pipenv sync -d
```

## Usage

This project has run steps configured using pipenv. Use the following command to
get the maze generation visualization! Once ready, Hit the spacebar for the generation!

```sh
pipenv run start
```

## 🤝 Contributing

Contributions, issues and feature requests are welcome. After cloning & setting up project locally, you can just submit 
a PR to this repo and it will be deployed once it's accepted.

⚠️ It’s good to have descriptive commit messages, or PR titles so that other contributors can understand about your 
commit or the PR Created. Read [conventional commits](https://www.conventionalcommits.org/en/v1.0.0-beta.3/) before 
making the commit message.

## 💬 Get in touch

If you have various suggestions, questions or want to discuss things wit our community, Have a look at
[Github discussions](https://github.com/janaSunrise/useful-python-snippets/discussions) or join our discord server!

[![Discord](https://discordapp.com/api/guilds/695008516590534758/widget.png?style=shield)](https://discord.gg/cSC5ZZwYGQ)

## Show your support

We love people's support in growing and improving. Be sure to leave a ⭐️ if you like the project and 
also be sure to contribute, if you're interested!

## License

[GPL V3](https://github.com/janaSunrise/maze-generation-algorithm/blob/main/LICENSE)


<div align="center">
  Made by Sunrit Jana with ❤️
</div>
